# Group Project-JoggleCube
# Group 01

## Synopsis

JoggleCube is a turn-based computer game for one player. The player is given a 3 by 3 by 3 grid of randomly
generated letters, and has to compile a list of words of one or more letters that can be generated by moving around
the grid one letter at a time either horizontally, vertically or diagonally, without reusing any of the available letters. 

## Installation

* Either clone this repository locally or download as a .zip and extract

## Usage

* Run the .jar file in the Release folder to play the game.
* See in game help for instructions.

## Requirements

* Java JRE 1.8 or 1.9 depending on which jar you will be running

## Development


* In intellij Idea: File -> New from exsiting source -> select the GP01 folder -> new project from source -> click your way through the rest of the options.
* Use Java 9 sdk if possible, as we are using JavaFx 2.0 features.

### Build jar for the project

*  goto: project structure -> artifacts ->  + -> jar -> from modules. 
*  Then set the main class. 
*  Click ok.
*  Then remove the test libraries. 
*  Then go to: build -> build artifacts
*  then build the jar. 


## Contributors

* Rhys Evans (rhe24@aber.ac.uk)
* Nathan Williams (naw21@aber.ac.uk)
* Alex Thumwood (alt38@aber.ac.uk)
* Cameron Humphreys (cah27@aber.ac.uk)
* Samuel Jones (srj12@aber.ac.uk)
* Aleksandra Madej (alm82@aber.ac.uk)
* Agata Lefek (agl6@aber.ac.uk)
* Lampros Petridis (lap12@aber.ac.uk)