Project: Group Project 07 Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting Persons present: All project members except Jim Bloggs (flu) Place and date of meeting: C55, Tuesday 8th March 2016 Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager Author: John Biggs Date of minutes: 9th March. Version: 1.0Matters arising ===============1. Jane Giggs reported on the experimental user interface (point 4 of minutes of 1st March). The AWT did not provide the facilities she needed. She would experiment with Swing. ACTION: jgg62. Joe Green presented a draft of the testing specification (point 6 of minutes of 1st March). A document walkthrough was carried out and the document was approved.New business ============3. Jan Gray, project leader, reported that everyone was well ahead of time and that the project would be over by Easter. The project manager pointed out that the project had to deliver and test code as well as a design document, and that this would occupy everyone after Easter. Jan Gray will redraw the plan to cover project. ACTION: jog64. The design specification document needs to be started. Tanya Thin and Steve Stout will produce drafts of sections 1 and 2 respectively by next week's meeting. ACTION: tnt6 and sos6AOB ===None. 	